Newsletters: add 229 (2022-12-07) (#950)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _topics/en/version-3-transaction-relay.md

  - title: Proposed new transaction relay policies designed for LN-penalty
    url: /en/newsletters/2022/10/05/#proposed-new-transaction-relay-policies-designed-for-ln-penalty

  - title: Ephemeral anchors proposal built on v3 transaction relay proposal
    url: /en/newsletters/2022/10/26/#ephemeral-anchors

  - title: Comparing disabling non-replaceable transactions to disabling special v3 transaction relay rules
    url: /en/newsletters/2022/11/09/#determining-incentive-compatibility-isn-t-always-straightforward

  - title: Ephemeral anchors implementation as proposed extension to v3 transaction relay policy
    url: /en/newsletters/2022/12/07/#ephemeral-anchors-implementation

## Optional.  Same format as "primary_sources" above
see_also:
  - title: Transaction pinning
    link: topic transaction pinning

  - title: Anchor outputs
    link: topic anchor outputs

## Optional.  Force the display (true) or non-display (false) of stub
## topic notice.  Default is to display if the page.content is below a
## threshold word count
#stub: false

## Required.  Use Markdown formatting.  Only one paragraph.  No links allowed.
## Should be less than 500 characters
excerpt: >

>   **Version 3 transaction relay** is a proposal to allow transactions to
>   opt-in to a modified set of transaction relay policies, including
>   policies for package relay.  These policies are designed to allow
>   using dynamic feerates with LN onchain transactions while also
>   preventing transaction pinning attacks.

Reviewer: To clarify, non-v3 transactions can also be relayed via package relay (that's the plan at least).
```suggestion
  **Version 3 transaction relay** is a proposal to allow transactions to
  opt-in to a modified set of transaction relay policies designed to prevent
  pinning attacks. Combined with package relay, these policies help enable
  the use of dynamic feerates with LN onchain transactions.
```
